OSDOCS-17718: adds authentication to MCP gateway docs (#109672)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/con-mcp-gateway-authentication.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// *mcp_gateway_config/mcp-gateway-authentication.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="con-mcp-gateway-authentication_{context}"]
= Understanding MCP gateway authentication

[role="_abstract"]

> When you enable authentication, the MCP gateway broker component acts as an OAuth 2.1 resource server, requiring valid access tokens for protected requests. MCP gateway implements the MCP Authorization specification. You can implement the following actions by using authentication:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you enable authentication, the MCP gateway broker component exposes OAuth 2.0 Protected Resource Metadata, enabling MCP clients to discover your authorization server and complete the  authentication flow. You can implement the following actions by using authentication:
```

* Set up MCP gateway to validate access tokens issued by your identity provider.
* Return a `401` error message with authorization server discovery information.
* Expose OAuth configuration at `/.well-known/oauth-protected-resource`.

> * Support automatic client registration for MCP clients.

Reviewer: maybe:

```suggestion
* Enable MCP clients to discover and use your identity provider's client registration
```

sounds a bit like magic otherwise
